

Tracing for 'openfile 3', a test target application that opens a couple of files
and writes to them.

 signals: 	[0]EXIT(0) 
resource	current	max	total
    procs: 	0	1	1
     time: 	493793	294
   memory: 	0	16	18
     disk: 	300	300	300
    files: 	0	1	3

Explanation line by line:

 signals:       [0]EXIT(0) 
This application received no signals unit it exited with code 0.

Next we have the resources. Each one has 3 columns.
The current column displays the resource usage at the last call of
trace (TracePID method).
The max column is the maximum value ever obtained for the current resource
usage.
Finally we have the total column. This columns reflects the total different
between last usage and current usage. Let's interpret the example above.

    procs:      0       1       1
Currently there are no more processes running. There was a maximum of 1 process
running simultaneously. Globally, there was created 1 process.

     time: 	493793	294
Time is a special resource because it is a nondecreasing monotonic function.
This means its last values (current) is always the maximum.
The first column reflects the sum of cpu cycles spent by all the processes of
the target (use PAPI for more accurate measurements).
The second column is the wall time, or global "real" time, externally
measured in milliseconds.

   memory: 	0	16	18
Memory is the number of allocated resident memory pages minus the pages for
shared memory (such as for shared libraries).
The target application is not currently occupying any memory, but has occupied a
maximum of 16 pages at any give time.
Since the beggining of the target execution, a total of 18 pages were
allocated (only the increases in memory are accounted).

     disk: 	300	300	300
    files: 	0	1	3
The same thing applies to the file system resource.
Currently, the file system has 300 bytes written by the target application and
no open files.
The maximum disk space occupied by the application writes were also 300 bytes,
and there was a maximum of 1 open files open at the same time.
Since the beginning of the target execution the total disk activity is of 300
bytes written (no bytes were deleted).

These three different resource usage views can reflect different kinds of
resource usage. It allows every resource usage to be observed with respect to
its maximum usage (max column) or to its global usage (total column).
The latter can pinpoint resource intensive usage applications (e.g., apps that
perform many disk operations) that don't use many of those resources
simultaneously.


